Bluetooth: Mesh: Align Config Client API with Health Client API (#49580)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.2.rst

   valid for specific bindings to specify like :dtcompatible:`gpio-leds` and
   :dtcompatible:`fixed-partitions`.

> * Mesh

Reviewer: Should it be Bluetooth mesh instead?

>   * The following functions related to the Bluetooth Mesh Configuration Client model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The following functions related to the Bluetooth mesh Configuration Client model have changed:
```

>     * :c:func:`bt_mesh_cfg_comp_data_get()` is deprecated in favor of :c:func:`bt_mesh_cfg_cli_comp_data_get()`

Reviewer 2: Will it be OK to shorten this list to something like:
`All the Bluetooth mesh Configuration Client API with prefix "bt_mesh_cfg_*" is deprecated in favor of a new API with prefix "bt_mesh_cfg_cli_*"`?

   valid for specific bindings to specify like :dtcompatible:`gpio-leds` and
   :dtcompatible:`fixed-partitions`.

> * Bluetooth mesh Configuration Client API prefixed ``bt_mesh_cfg_``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bluetooth mesh Configuration Client API prefixed with ``bt_mesh_cfg_``
```

> * All the Bluetooth mesh Configuration Client API with prefix "bt_mesh_cfg_*"
>   is deprecated in favor of a new API with prefix "bt_mesh_cfg_cli_*".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bluetooth mesh Configuration Client API prefixed with "bt_mesh_cfg_"
  is deprecated in favor of a new API with prefix "bt_mesh_cfg_cli_".
```

Author: Looks like the documentation build is failing after removing `*`.

Reviewer 2: What if replace "bt_mesh_cfg_" with \`\`bt_mesh_cfg_\`\`?

Reviewer: Yes, please try that :)
